README.md, before:

# city_explorer_api

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview

This is an api to collect data and distribute it to a fron end location information finding page.

## Getting Started

First Clone down the Repo from gitHub located at :

then install dependacnys:
you can do this individualy or as one command witn (npm i)

* Express
* cors
* dotenv

## Architecture

Currently using:

* node.js
  * express
  * cors
* JavaScript
* heroku

## Change Log

<!-- All times in -8gmt -->

09-14-2020 17:00 - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with heroku deployment and proof of life route.

## work log

Number and name of feature: 1 Locations

Estimate of time needed to complete: 45 min

Start time:6.30p

Finish time: 8p

Actual time needed to complete:2 hour 30 min

Number and name of feature: 2 weather

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 min

Start time:8p

Finish time: 9.36p

Actual time needed to complete:2 hour 30 min

## Credits and Collaborations

Commit message:

weather refactored for map method

README.md, after:

# city_explorer_api

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview

This is an api to collect data and distribute it to a fron end location information finding page.

## Getting Started

First Clone down the Repo from gitHub located at :

then install dependacnys:
you can do this individualy or as one command witn (npm i)

* Express
* cors
* dotenv

## Architecture

Currently using:

* node.js
  * express
  * cors
* JavaScript
* heroku

## Change Log

<!-- All times in PST-->

09-14-2020 5:00pm PST  - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with heroku deployment and proof of life route.
09-14-2020 8:00pm PST  - App can now pull data on locations from internal file
09-14-2020 9:45pm PST  - App can now pull data on weather from internal file and parse it to usable needs
09-15-2020 11:15am PST  - App Now has catch errors for 404 and 500 codes
09-15-2020 3:45pm PST  - App can now pull data on weather from internal file via map method.

## work log


### Feature 1

  Number and name of feature: 1 Locations
  Estimate of time needed to complete: 45 min
  Start time:6:30pm
  Finish time: 8:00pm
  Actual time needed to complete:2 hour 30 min

### Feature 2

  Number and name of feature: 2 weather
  Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 min
  Start time:8:00pm
  Finish time: 9:36pm
  Actual time needed to complete:2 hour 30 min

### Feature 3

Number and name of feature: Error catching
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 min
Start time:10:05am
Finish time: 10:20am
Actual time needed to complete:15 min

## Credits and Collaborations
